I love singing and dancing your dick
well it's a great price it almost makes
me wish I had a dick for you to suck or
take that as a yes
Pete you were the most decorated offices
in this department what do you see
robbery gone wrong to me this wasn't a
robbery this was a hit out there I'm a
woman
that's okay even got a good time for you
we're gonna catch the bastards who did
these murders because bodies are gonna
start piling up doing the best damn cops
I've ever seen I'll have your badge for
this I'm in the FBI oh yeah
what's that stand for big idiot
[Music]
it's crazy I'm gonna go crazy
yes all right
you exist I'm not doing this
do it
[Music]
oh sorry about your dead human friend
Phillip is Fillie
he's servicing a client is that what I
think it is
[Music]